don't you hate it when you get all those
visitors come to your site and no one
really buys
hey everyone i'm neil patel and today
i'm going to break down 10 psychological
triggers that make people buy from you
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
so let's get started i'm going to break
down 10 things that can help you
generate more sales it's going to be
pretty quick some of these you may know
but i bet you're not using them all and
if you did you're gonna start getting
more sales from you and i'll even make
you a deal if you use them all and you
can't get any sales and you have some
visitors because if you have no visitors
you know it's hard to get sales at all
no matter what you do but if you have
visitors and you implement these and you
don't get any sales you can hit me up
and i will help you out for free and get
on the phone and break down what you did
wrong and you can easily do that by just
leaving a comment below
the first tactic
availability and scarcity have you ever
been on amazon and noticed that they'll
show you that hey there's only five
items left
and when they do that a lot of people it
pushes them over the edge to get them to
purchase not only that but from we've
tested when you actually show how many
items you have left if it's a small
number we actually see a higher checkout
completion rate so you're generating
more sales now you don't want to lie and
here's what i mean by this some
companies are like hey we have a
thousand left but let's only say we have
five left that's unethical you don't
want to do that
the second thing is novelty great
example of this is elon musk's flame
thrower everyone's like oh cool here's
the flamethrower and check out this
image that you can see on screen of the
flamethrower i wanted one of them it was
a novelty they got sold out before i
could even buy them but at first they
were selling a lot of them it was just
so cool i was like ah as a kid i would
see those flamethrowers i want one of
them that's example of novelty
then you have authority so if tony
robbins sold something or
you know uh our ex president trump or
obama sold something that's authority
and people will end up buying right
because they have a figure whether
someone may like that political figure
or not you have to keep in mind there's
always someone on both sides that always
likes someone whether
you or i dislike them or like them right
so authority makes a huge difference a
more neutral example of this is elon
musk if elon must sells something i know
there's some people that don't like him
but elon musk you know he has a big fan
base including me and you know if he
sells something like that flamethrower
i'll probably be one of the first people
that try to buy
then you have urgency a great example of
this is hey if you buy this today and
this is another example that amazon uses
you can get it tomorrow if you buy it by
this time or if there's a prime day
where there's specials going on that you
only know you'll have a certain clock or
window to generate those uh to make that
decision
next tactic it's a reason why
think about it
why is someone buying
there has to be a good reason is it the
novelty is that you're solving a problem
if you can explain how your solution
solves their problem such as uber says
one of my softwares people buy it
there's a free version but people buy it
because they're like oh cool i want
extra help to getting rankings faster
and people buy it because we offer
coaching and a lot of other things in
our paid membership gives them a reason
why another tactic that works so well is
having a common enemy
a lot of times if you could make someone
out to be a villain and you don't want
to pick on someone but it could be a
concept for a strategy or it could be a
group like this extreme example like
terrorists right
if you have a common example and you're
saying hey we're a non-profit and if you
donate here it'll help fund um these
groups that'll combat these terrorist
organizations and make sure that women
can still get education or that people
can live you know and have good human
rights that's example coming up with a
common enemy
then you have anticipation you know how
apple does their launches it's like oh
i think they're going to release a
macbook i i want to buy this new phone i
want to buy this watch and they do this
launch that's example of anticipation
now you got social proof you know people
don't want to be the first one through
the door and getting blood and be like
oh is this going to be good is it going
to work is it not they want social plot
from reviews to testimonials to star
ratings this all helps people become
really comfortable that's how you see
all these ecommerce sites using reviews
and testimonials and star ratings you
also want to use significance what's the
significance of purchasing this does it
make them look better does that make
them you know be perceived as a certain
way right that really does help
and the last strategy tactic that you
should be using is community if they
feel that they can be part of a
community you know when i used to sell
info products i would let people be part
of a community where we all help each
other grow it was great i had fun in the
community i had fun helping people out
plus
everyone else loved it because they knew
they were getting help from not just me
but other people who are going through
the same thing as them if you follow all
those psychological triggers your
conversion rate is going to go up and if
it doesn't leave a comment below and i'm
here to help you out for free as i
mentioned and if you want my ad agency
to just do this all for you check out np
digital if you enjoyed the video like it
share it tell the people about it thank
you for watching